oh hey hey guys what's happening it's me
lisa schwartz you should know that
because you clicked on my video um I'm
excited because my two favorite ladies
from the internet are coming over the
fab life Marianne Leah and you've seen
the minced on my videos before and if
you're not subscribed to them you should
because they're fabulous and they are
literally one of the only youtubers I
watch every single one of their videos
when they come out that is a fact so
they're gonna come over to do a video
where they go through my closet and they
helped me organize and then we pick out
things that we're going to take to a
thrift shop to sell and get new clothes
tomorrow it's for their Channel and I
agreed to do it and then I realize my
closets a mess so I'm frantically
cleaning then hoping they don't get here
before it's clean but it's looking
pretty good check it out organized
organized organized Shane side not
organized he's like Pigpen from Charlie
Brown do you guys know I'm talking about
uh anyways it should be a fun day so
come on let's see it happened in front
of her eyes fucking loopy so it's all
happening guys look who's here one of my
fans hey girl silent video side with you
saturday huh just granite ok tell them
what we did I'm only dizzy now oh my
guys don't fall over in the closet so we
are cleaning out Lisa's closet and we're
giving yourself daily tips and coming up
with cooling honestly when you guys can
a'comin to give stuff away and now I've
just cleansed my life look how empty
just Google ends free diem you're pretty
organized as it was so it was when I was
holding on to some jewels that I'm ready
to get get rid of yeah there's some good
ones in here it's fun thanks guys thanks
for help so the girls left and I had so
much fun at them they went through my
closet and we tried on clothes that I
haven't worn in years and like they told
me if they still looks good on me it's
so so crazy guy
s or girls rather I'm talking to you
girls but guys to do you guys have
bodies morphia because honestly I look
in the mirror and I feel like I'm a
million bajillion pounds and everything
looks terrible on me and they're like
that's adorable and part of me wants to
believe them and part of me doesn't
believe them and it's just like makes me
feel sad it makes me feel sad about life
and so what do I do I came SAT here and
had chips and salsa but the chips are
gone guys it's the chips are gone but no
it made me think that wow I'm so hard on
myself and I'm sure you guys are hard on
yourselves too and it's just not
necessary because the way people look at
you are so much different than the way
you look at yourself and you need to
remember how fabulous you are and where
are things that make you feel good so
there were some things in my closet that
made me feel really good and they help
me piece together like different outfits
so I normally wouldn't put together and
I think it's important to go shopping in
your own closet and reinvent yourself a
little to feel good about yourself so if
you guys don't watch a fab life i'll
leave the link below you should follow
them i think their inspirational and
they're fabulous and they're confident
and they're wonderful so i love them so
much that's all that's my little spiel
I'm gonna go eat more chips and salsa
now and the Qzone look at them now the
cutest um like so not look who's oh and
you see what date are you were gone miss
you so much Oh Haitian I just missed you
so much when you were gone with dad at
work I love you oh hey see how does it
feel when I mean to you in a vlog you
always mean to me I sure wasn't
listening and you're looking at pictures
of girls on the internet oh I call this
a girl are you looking at trying to find
the best crazy picture of amanda bynes
what that one's really
how this one's good what you doing doing
real extreme close-ups listen I am
working very hard right now oh but it's
seven o'clock it's not working hour
sometimes I just want a husband that
works nine-to-five jobs very it feels
like we are I clean up after you I do
your laundry ah well guys this has been
a great great day i love you all very
much good talking oh let's do a question
of the day say no question of the day if
you were to have a husband wife what
would their ideal job be mine would be a
doctor who works nine to five and comes
home and gives me foot massages what God
where he's making out with me thanks for
watching you guys you're cute I'll see
you next time goodbye say goodbye honey
I wasn't I just want what is happening
why are we getting cars I feel like you
have to run you have to run it seems
only interpret and